[Music]
ah it's distorted buddy
don't talk so loud maybe i won
if i just speak like a soft boy
hello boys hello boys hello
and
girl hey arty hey techno how are you
doing the mic sounds a bit hoarse this
is far more scuffed i thought i had it
sorted and now it's just gone it's gone
right up the scuffer
hey no this is our first stream where we
haven't had a little time together
beforehand
i got that
before you
wow all right thanks sarty jesus okay
cool you know yeah i got in there
yeah anyway tenno have you been man i've
been suffering oh yeah what's wrong it's
suffering it's because i know i'm gonna
suffer so then i suffer in anticipation
i haven't spoken to you in ages you went
m.i.a
i went in your a what
what whoa
i didn't go mia yeah i was just
suffering like take no problem aren't we
hey um sorry to interrupt again ld put
some stuff on the screen here pal
[Music]
it's time for
dashlane the sponsor of today's video
dashlane is the perfect tool for you
it's a password manager and a vpn that
works on your desktop and your phone
it's completely free to try it's a safe
and fast way of making sure you never
forget important information and make
sure you're never forced to make that
absolutely horrible social anxiety
inducing cool to prove you are who you
say you are to whatever company so you
can get your passwords reset it comes
with a vpn and autofill manager password
manager and lots more safe and easy ways
to allow you to get around the internet
smoothly and without being spied on
dashlane works across all your devices
meaning no matter where you are you can
still use its features go to
dashlane.com forward wilbur to get
dashlane for free on your first device
and then when you want to upgrade to
premium at any time you just use code
wilbur for 10 off premium so i'd like to
extend a special thanks to dashlane for
sponsoring this video again and a thanks
to you for watching it i hope you enjoy
the rest so technoblade's annoyed
technoboy is really angry uh at us
because we're not good enough at
minecraft
that that is not the reasoning all right
i can already see the comments like why
did he even
play with
the
no
bro
it's not even that our team is weak it's
just oh i mean our team is a tiny bit
weak but even if our team was strong
have you seen orange team bruh bruh who
is the big star bribin to get these
teams i need to know i need to know i
have money too please hit me up scott's
on orange team so he rigged it in his
favor like exactly i was speaking to him
actually do you know they're creating um
they're creating like an actual uh irl
prize if you win and it's like a coin oh
that's really cool yeah so maybe he put
himself on the [__] best team because
he wants some
[__] coins sorry i'm sorry i get like
this nicki you can save cost by not
having to give it out sometimes i just
gotta slam my fist on the desk this is
only the beginning
oh my god this german keyboard
wait
what does it spell out it's not qwerty
is it is dirty no it's it's it's qwerty
zyop
it's
which that's just the z and you swap
then isn't it yeah it's qwerty's
it's got like the umlaut letters and
then yes
i could do
i'm too powerful look techno played look
what i can make
oh no
oh no i'm too powerful dude i'm too
powerful with a german keyboard
that's an unfair advantage marge look at
this shocked dude hold on look at this
shocked looking man
look how scared he is he's like
oh he's like oh
look how smiley this boy is
like will's just losing his [__] right
now because accents
is that more is there more weird boys
wait can i make it a little smiley hold
on
look at that look at that you can do
that with a regular what the heck is
this uh everyone is ready all online
teams are ready to play let's just drop
yeah
would that
[Music]
okay so we have to get really into this
countdown so that we can appear in the
highlight reel on twitter so we have to
be like
oh my god oh can you hear that guys guys
do you think it's going to be the same
numbers as the last countdown or do you
think that changed
oh my god
they're happy now we can stick with two
two ain't going anywhere
oh my god it's now one
one ain't going anywhere
oh [__]
the streets of berlin are going to be
calling the police on us
bro if they if they show up just start
coughing
hey andrew
you know i'm just trying to hear through
this [__] music
don't vote for big sales at billboard
they put a lot of work into it so i
wanted to get skipped this time
tenno why you my level of chaos dude why
i just don't want it to be played i want
to play only the most orthodox games
that everyone's seen before
don't kill him no because he's no use to
us nikki the thing is if we don't kill
him now he's sentenced does it mean that
he's not he doesn't deserve to live
so now we get sucked up we get sucked
off here right and then
in the next scene one way to phrase it
okay so nikki essentially what happens
here is there's going to be a big old
slime wall comes towards us and we have
to like find the gap to go through it
right and everyone's really good at this
apart from tommy in it
i believe in you guys
who needs the olympics when we have this
it seems
last time it's been two walls techno
played
at the moment
how like five people have died nobody
said that why is it so hard
oh yeah there we go third person that's
the way doing it in it fam ting fountain
do you know what fountain means oh yeah
what powder means nikki
okay
london don't worry we're gonna move on
i do not like this wait what the [__] is
this no no no what oh wait yeah don't
angel angel don't worry the pro players
are still in it
i was the only player that failed that
okay
okay all right don't worry the pro
players are still in
with nicki on myself i've got i've got a
[__] cheerleader you boys don't have
a cheerleader right now i've got this in
the bag well you know what i have the
appreciation and support of my chat no
you don't you could come first place
techno though and your chat would your
chat would be slagging you off
my chat would be like only by 30 points
unsubscribed
i was thinking about unsubscribing from
technoblade the other day actually
wow
what have i been
you're doing so good but i've been dead
the past minutes
all right tommy died at the very least
about survived tommy no that's not hard
though is it to be honest i don't have
the spread
there we go okay this is a bad time
okay thank you that's what i thought i
was gonna say that myself but you know
it's fine oh oh tenobite's [__]
choking this
oh no he's not okay well i'm gonna mute
for that one this lesson techno blade
i don't want to talk about it
i do not wish to discuss this
cyan is actually orange in german that's
what the word means what is cyan in
german mickey
orange
orange yeah that's the truth thank you
okay
pure pressure
it wouldn't be bad nicu wouldn't be bad
if it weren't for the fact that techno
played it's just gonna go okay he's
gonna hate me
he's gonna hate me you know
no it's not like techno's
technoblades community can i ask you
something please can you not hate me
please takeover's community remember we
came third in minecraft monday remember
see some guy in my chat says wilbur
smells really good wilbur does smell
really good would you say i smell really
good
that was very that was interesting give
me a good sniff there do i smell nice
i'm just going to put my arms around
here for the rest of the stream there we
go oh my gosh
come on come on boys we've got two
science what the heck
what the heck
middle middle middle oh my god rt holy
[__] go to the left
oh my god
there can be two
that's a in the chat for me
you put it from seventh to fifth you
beat technoblade dude if this was
october that would be a big deal
what do you mean i have 35 000 viewers
what what does this mean we're in fifth
place this is better than i expected
who put this here
who did this look the oh oh yeah you
think i didn't see that you think i
didn't see that admins
you think i'm is there a different one
tommy's here tommy then it said
sneaky gonna tell him that the s is not
a b i did i do
he knows that you can't stop doing that
oh my god you could say me and techno
are the best of our game players in the
world right now so
like just right now you know i'm not
saying of all time well maybe of all
time but you know i mean why stop now
yeah yeah i mean first minecraft
championships next
2020 tokyo olympics they're gonna have
to replace the olympics with esports now
the only way what would be the esports
they put in i want to see competitive
solitaire
oh that's like a [__] one that's a
joke my uncle would tell
one worldwide game of kahoot
oh a chest ha ha
we're going to lose so hard someone has
like a power five flame bow by now see
we're just in someone's [__] house
this is just a house we're just breaking
in
oh this is the same place we were in oh
no they're stealing their clothes
you're kind of we're kind of separated
right now oh what you just left me oh
yeah yeah later wilbur goodbye
i need that feather full of motion
anyone need boots anyone need to need
leather boots leather boots going once
going twice sold to me my inventory
incredible oh wait techno you literally
need them why didn't you speak up oh god
two people are dead oh it's orange
oscars i would never have thought i
would never thought they'd be doing well
tag can i draft
take this oh my god this isn't all right
give me the bow give me the bow i'm
blowboy you leave now we leave
immediately we leave we leave oh i'll
see them behind you wait
walk in this direction walk in this
direction and do not stop we walk in
this direction
[__] [__] i think i think we might
just go for survival points here yeah
okay now we can do that that's yelling
at me boots yeah let me just stop and
put on boots right there
finest obliterate i just own them we
leave we leave
yeah i'm good we can hide somewhere
we've got quite a bit no they're like
they're not that right
they're right behind you yeah they're
gonna keep chasing you you need to you
need to go faster you're bunny hopping
i'm like can you see me guys i'm like oh
oh god now they have a plate this is
what i was talking about you get a flame
bow and instantly win the game you get
some diamond gear
i can hear pain why can't i hear pain
behind me oh there's another team
there's another team there's another
team oh oh oh
no
oh you almost got him come on oh okay
it's [__] go time and then bitzel i
gotta kill
i gotta kill that's drop that though
just get out of there now oh
i couldn't i got points where's my boy
where's my sweet boy
my sweet baby is this him
everyone on orange team is alive and
also aqua team which is i think the only
team in this game that might beat orange
orange team is approaching you i leave
you really shouldn't have gone through
this i'm gonna i'm gonna drop an
encouraging they've gone a different way
they've gone after someone else yeah get
into a building dude no one's gonna look
in a building right now they're looking
forward uh calvin's coming uh he just he
just he just gestured at you oh i'm so
no
screwed
oh no you did well
any skill tommy has at this game is
devoided by the fact he's 12.
jesus if i was 12 i'd be good at this
game too dude the grass is growing oh
look at him go look at it speed bridge
speed bridge tech no go speed bridge
absolutely nice
oh yeah if you need it
get out of here what what is this is my
work station
scratch can you get
if you get us some stone real quick and
then i'll make the next pickaxe
your boy is on it
oh my god you're just staring at me guys
chickens everyone make everyone a pick x
i'm the cobbly boy
start bridging over
[Applause]
[Laughter]
guys are you guys are getting stuff
right
yeah he sure is
i'm gonna need like wood to make things
that's that should be our
you guys theme made like a bunch of
pickaxes for everyone right hold up yep
everyone has a pic you are speaking
okay good night didn't fall i didn't
fall did you fall off no no no no no no
no no that has only happened in a row no
yeah that would be the third tournament
in the row you're right but i did not
fall off don't watch back the vod please
it was it was quite close
we call this one a pop right that's a
pog there
come on so you wanna anyone wanna anyone
wanna pick uh uh i'll take like dick
because i don't want to do something
sorry i didn't
she knows i'm bringing home the money
right now
it's my job i'm working hard in the
mines literally and figuratively we need
to be bridging towards mid start the
british charity you've got the juice
well it's already been made out of dirt
i think that's not me
oh okay we have to get to the
enchantment table oh yeah i've got to
move don't i uh
oh god you got a diamond sword oh we
need to leave yeah yeah
look at me daniella boot i am wearing
boots
it is not
okay
oh no change it wouldn't have happened
if she had boot
i mean this would never have happened if
she had the boot
with boot all is goot
that's what they say in bushland how
close have we bred well you've changed
you changed bro good luck go go go
bridge break bridge bridge we are in
danger bridge immediately
i can't move help oh
okay we're good
we're good
that would just block me oh wait do you
have a boat we can shoot that
[__] marfaka okay now we just
hide in here this is my new home
i hate this game this game is bad oh
look they've they've buried this guy now
they've they've stopped skyping two raw
chickens i don't know is there actually
any german handsome cactus
god fighters
rt games you know what the british were
really good at during world war two come
in here we were really good at making
little stone boxes
a light just turned on outside berlin is
i feel like wilbur you want to come to
an attack yeah you you stay alive rt all
right your husbands will be back from
the war soon
okay come back to me safely my darling
wait actually no rt i've got something
for you uh just keep yourself alive come
here come here there you go that's for
you that's your okay oh oh oh
it's the boys no no no no don't do this
don't do this
that's a pork
he's running he knows he knows he's made
a mistake i don't know why that guy
thought he was in a position yeah i
literally just blocked his shot stabbed
him once with a new came and killed him
do you have food
i have two raw chickens yeah do you want
to come down rt i can give you a sword
man i gave you an apple
thanks man saturation where are you
going i barely even
super speed speedy boy oh we got scott
major let's go from it's team orange yep
nice they're digging above us don't know
see rt you're our secret weapon but you
may need to come out the corner because
the border is shrinking yeah we need to
jump guys they're so lame they're gonna
drop down afterwards
oh i just took full damage i'm a fool oh
they're coming oh god orange team's
gonna come clean all of us oh there's no
offending right now yeah no no i've got
this i've got this i'm dead should i be
coming to help you or surviving i am
dead okay well you're the only one left
now it's time for some survival points
orange have two still in the game
my chat's calling me bad chad i got six
kills
i got six kills
their standards are so high
oh we're second place guys
okay they got rid of our water
they got rid of it oh no you can kill
someone i can get smaller
captain's behind you i got him i got him
no i got him i got one i got one
he currently rules the world
and i get second place out of 40 players
so my chat's gonna call me back
hey that puts us in fourth overall we're
fourth overall when we get to rocket
split i'm gonna [__] clean up house
don't worry rocket spleef is my thing
nikki get ready i'm not oh yeah
ark uh on will to opera kind of ask
welcome
what
bless you yes
remember guys remember don't vote for
big sales
i'm happy to go for rockets please no we
have to save that for last but race is
the one you want to go for
all right
i threw my eggs in
i got mine into that are targeting us
because we're the biggest threat to
their first place that's the only
explanation i'm just gonna drown myself
can i just die i wonder in this time
skip the new game guys no no i don't
want new things i hate change i'm not
drowning i'm immortal
oh no you're going to waste
we're going to waste all my all my skill
one of these
apparently they made it so survival is
more important than kills compared to
last time this game makes me rage
because i'll fall and i'll like i'll
press space and it'll be like nah
he didn't say please and then i'll fall
into the void
that's right
oh they only give us one firework this
time
i'm in a pretty good spot right now
no one needs to know you're here all
right i got 14th that's not terrible
[__] wilbur is carrying they don't
know you're here yeah when i say i'm
good at this one i don't mean like this
this is just like 30 seconds left you
got this man it's you against two guess
what team they're on
three people try and ride a rocket oh no
i [__] up i tried to ride the rock
for 25 seconds i'm sorry what a surprise
orange one again
what no i'm so glad we're orange yeah
i'm really glad we're orange team guys
it's crazy that visual bug happened but
thankfully
i'm convinced my elytra's not working
the way it should
oh courteous i'm dead i'm dead already
this is the fun part it's just being a
gentle little bird also i need to land
why is one not working that's because i
was pressing the up arrow button oh why
okay fine
thank you
i'm disappointed
i'll get it back next time bro all right
still one more round come on attacked
out this game is bad come on attack no
bro this guy hates me
all right well on the right side orange
team might not win this round we can
hope hashtag anyone but orange please no
it's orange help
help rusty team
help why am i just stuck
what the
bloody hell i'm just gonna glide i am
above the conflicts of this mortal realm
lieutenant how do you have such a
british sense of humor dude i don't know
man stop why am i not moving like what
the [__] is happening to me
why am i look i'm i'm not holding
anything my game's bugged guys i'm in
constant flight mode why is this what
oh
oh okay that got some height good good
what the f
what is g oh
okay
how did that not work autopilot has
engaged
i'm hacking the system autopilot engaged
[Music]
oh uh he knows where you are he's right
next to you i know what's he gonna
what's he gonna do about the minute he
shoots me i get a [__] like catapult
oh
what oh
get me caught on the yeah there we go
how is
everybody look at wilbur
how is he do
what
oh my god
[Music]
look at him he's he's on the side of a
block
excuse me
come on pete just fall off and die
please he's falling we did it he's
frozen i think he's like
i think he's just
wait what he moved into a new block
wilbur wins by
kissing the wall yes wait yes have i
actually won
you did it
the time ran out rigged
i mean to be fair i did tell you guys
this is my strong one
actually how there's so much with a
passion i feel like going into his chat
and yelling at him
what the [__] are you doing wilbur i'm
really sick
whoa the [__] is this [__]
there's reckons you right
sorry uh hit spite me explain
explain angels
sounds like sixth place what is that
donkeyville did socializing is hard
enough when it's in my language have
they gone oh no they're still here i
mean uh nate alons
over i will snap you like the twig
snap like the tweaks is that sixth place
talk right
is that 100 i understood that last part
i'm bilingual i'm bilingual chad
wilbur did you get a funny mic
tommy what place is tommy oh my god
okay that wasn't funny that wasn't fun
little baby boy
hey all right i've calmed down let's
let's you know that i don't want us
the tournament environment can be quite
that's you know that's just
who is he just what
that's called
i have no idea what's going on
it's just a [__] field
tommy i have a genuine question for you
let me get quick okay on youtube when it
says no it's not made for kids and yes
this is made for kids are you allowed to
click the one that says no it's not made
for kids
they turn off my comments because
here's how you play 12 minutes to run
out into build mark collect resources
bring them back to your plot and build
as many monuments as you can capitalize
me
i have no idea what's going on i don't
either
oh it's not right they're all the same
wait uh we need to go into the glass we
need lots of glass make sure to use your
shopping cart this is just oh
oh this isn't
pog dude this is like actually enabled
a very competitive game we need to win
let's go to colors look come with me get
in my shopping cart angel just grab
something ah
let's do this we need we need colors we
need colors guys what flowers do we need
flowers
the [__] flowers i've got like one of
each of things so angel i'm trying to
pick you up my uber is waiting hello
name
name okay um
hi
get him yeah ox code angel orc squad oh
yeah okay yeah yeah i got it
oh god
can you just sing it for me sing it for
me
let me see what i can find out about
down on the out in the town
[Music]
do you understand what's happening nikki
uh kind of
also can i say we're the only team with
zero points right now
and you'll throw me the white thing
it's sliding away it's gonna slide off
oh my god
wait no wait come on come on
okay i'll take you back
[Music]
oh we got points
yo angel angel we don't need two people
you get green go get green
[__]
all right i'll get [__] okay
oh [__]
no okay
all right
you're not from your view what
no it's not oh the science the time this
is my favorite part of minecraft only 30
seconds left um
no
this game has broken us come having a
good time come okay i'm back
we're gonna go get the white clay and
we're gonna win this
one left you were like don't get the
white play i can get it go all right and
play and i said oh did orange team just
win this
did orange
i'm really enjoying this tournament i
cannot wait i need to play minecraft
championships again
i'm having a great time all of my
viewers hate me viewers what part of my
skill set does this game appeal to
explain to me what part of this was i
expected to be good
rust's team ross
team even won this
it doesn't add up maybe it should just
it doesn't add up
no i like it i like it it means that if
i want to write yeet i write zept
fourth is actually better than i
expected us to get so we're doing pretty
well
foot race that's good enough
let's go everyone jump
good lads good lads good lads keep going
i want to be below you yeah look at me
i'm in their legs
all right this time i'm not gonna waste
time on any stupid shortcuts we got this
see i know this time that you can hold
down control the sprint you didn't you
didn't know how to sprint
if you didn't know how to sprint he's
adapting
oh no
i did great in the wall you know
okay cool just what i wanted i can do it
thank you
will work
good job wilbur smile oh thank you thank
you
i cannot see oh this is just not [__]
entertainment really enjoying the video
games on display right now i'm having a
good time apparently i killed a zombie
though oh okay that was like a one in a
million jump oh sure guy in orange is in
first at the moment thanks naughty yeah
there's some things that i feel like i
do really well and i still fail you know
do you know how that feels sometimes
nikki you try your best but you don't
succeed you get what you want but not
what you need you feel so tired but you
can't sleep oh we're catching up stuck
in we are catching up boys
right here
come on we're calm we're going it's just
a fight
now i'm now actually doing badly this is
now just me doing that as long as i
finish i'll be happy
all right that lab didn't even
you got this
not night
what is wrong with me yeah get those
points i'm gonna take it nice and sort
of kind of yeah
all right
all right got the points that's the
worst i've ever done on foot race
orange didn't win
time for blood nicki is like i am having
a good time chat but you know me i'm a
slightly competitive person i can only
hold it back so much i thirst for blood
i thirst for victory chat i can't take
it i need blood
would you guys say i'm slightly over
competitive
no no not at all no i'm reasonable i'm
reasonable
i'm very balanced you know i'm going the
ground i'm i'm digging as soon as i've
made a sword okay yeah no you just go
murder people all right it's all we want
you to do just go kill people i don't
know how to craft things i'm just going
to go kill
that's a bad cave bad cave you know as
soon as you get the sense it's
have i
[Music]
oh kill him bro the strat it always
works oh i found the abandoned muncher
oh okay okay let's just take everything
in case i need anything oh everything's
on fire nice uh anything i'm missing
here
so we basically just don't want to die
oh
you got the chest right
uh no there was a minecart chest
minecart chest i missed [__] dad
i've got it do you wanna death death
death power rails okay
um but i have to get back so i can get
more kills i'm so proud of you
oh
it was falling gravel just pushed me in
lava
do you need to get everything again
white wall
we could have been the first to get a
crossbow if i still had my stuff [__] oh
who are you big stars come out in the
sun and be friendly come out in the sun
and be friendly to me come on you're
gonna be friends no you're not gonna be
friendly okay looks like i'm running
away out of time oh oh wait no we got a
cardigan with spider spider ain't
nothing
to play nah okay what else do we need
gold has not been found at all yeah
i was supposed to be the underground guy
but look how well i'm gonna i'm gonna go
for gold no but it's for good reason
careful yeah no i've got this cook i've
got nothing to lose nikki
cook a fish yeah no one's caught the
fish i don't have much health
you did well i could go back to him
tecno blade do you want to uh kill
someone with me i think you guys should
focus on crafts while i murder people i
know
i have four logs that's all i have
i can show you where i found someone
with loads of stuff on the ground if you
want i don't know i have two logs
i'm in kill mode wilbur he's in kill
mode
can you kill mike
i can probably jump
yeah i'm good that really didn't give me
this
oh
special delivery yeah i know someone
just delivered [__] to me i was like
okay cool special delivery yeah
yes crossbow still hasn't been done by
anyone i can do that surely oh okay
i'm dead again i'm just dead again watch
this
watch me be dead again
uh there's a record
clock oh
i think i at least got the most kills
oh we're doing great we're doing
fantastic
he did bad
water is so nice in germany it doesn't
have texture london water has like a
texture to it water tastes good
sometimes no no not in london it doesn't
you gotta stop drinking out of the river
well yes yes chickens migrate super
delegates please
please he's all right well he's shouting
so much
are you okay i am shaking with rage
right now wilbur my day
is ruined as a result one of my favorite
things is the way technoblade says
wilbur wilbur is there a different way
to say well no you just say it with a
very american island with your really
deep stoic voice like wilmore wilbur
wilbur it's not wrong it's not wrong i
just like it there's only one way to say
it well i say wilbur because i'm english
like it's got an a yeah
that's it that's what i say wilbur
[Music]
in the chat i mean let's be wholesome
yeah we got let's be aggressively
wholesome want some pinot noir okay
sorry let's spread
so many positive vibes it gets weird
let's go
i might die they've literally so close
to killing me there we go but you can
just fill it just fill in the blue fill
in the blue fill in blue it's open fill
in the wall fill in the wall no
no
yes
good job angel nice work we did it we
went up to sixth from last and i'm gonna
do the same thing again just straight
for the middle stop i'm willing i'm
literally gonna start woolen
all right then back up oh no i'm dead oh
that was a really good play from callum
holy [__] you guys have to go in there
breaking the wool you gotta get out i
already survived three bow shots come on
well it's all up to you
does everyone have like resistance five
guys have won every round and we're
about to end their street take bow shots
let's go we got this wilbur yeah i'm
wilbur right now all right it's battery
time it's bow time what the now bows do
damage this game is bad
trying to make it to the water
they're all together
shoot them
yeah oh they bro bro they boxed me out
with tnt we got to both spam them boys
oh they're just going straight in
that did no damage at all i got joey
graceffa
just let me just i should be able to do
the rest yeah
this is the maximum point game they're
all dead this is a perfect round we got
four kills and dude we did it good job
we did it orange is like bottom at the
moment we're beating orange
hugs in the chat okay purple pounders
this is where we have to win this is
tommy in it and voice over pete i'm on
fire already
voice over pete's going over the top oh
he's coming to the right now here oh
hello
bloody hell you know what i'm supposed
to do there yeah we got we got most of
the middle dude okay fill in blue fill
in blue they're too far back i'm so
close just sort them out clear them out
no
what
they did that so quickly i can't wait to
fight orange team in this this is oh boy
we got this pre-loaded crossbows guys
this is it easy victory ease these guys
are rusty we got this they're rusty
oh they're all jump shot and no i'm dead
i rushed in too quickly i apologize
oh we both we traded
we traded i got i got scott and you got
me you can go fill him one block in the
middle you win
[Music]
good job dude we just need orange team
yeah nice work guys
great shot number one pvp
oh how could that happen
please oh this person's just going in
they don't even care oh what the heck
they're in a tower
pvp
will that's an s no nikki what what
sound does that make that's an s
no
just target quigg all right he's the one
that can bow on this team target him
he's the only one that's not in your
girl skin just shoot him women's rights
kill him kill him
we don't discriminate we do against men
kill him
get the heck
out of here
fill in the wall
we got
[Music]
we did it boys and that means we
finished fourth four's pretty good for
that
that's pretty good how did uh how did
orange team do in that round
oh no oh they were all right we beat him
we beat him best team in the game we did
it oh my god look at the top five
players they're all blue
spent a lot of time building these seats
yeah this is some dicey there we go blue
banner how demoralizing for the orange
team would it be if like everyone on the
server just had the other teams
most people have blue everyone is on
blue
they're not even fully oh
no it's not looking good come on
solidarity
no who could have expected orange to win
orange wins ignore the winner's group
picture with my soulless dead eyes
oh no
we did it boys
we did it
i'm going to take off my jacket
hello my baby hello
bye-bye
farewell of design